now a hab at 77
in Samaria and gee hew wrote and sent
letters to Samaria to the rulers of
Jezreel to the elders and to those who
reared a hab sons now as soon as this
letter comes to you since your master's
sons are with you and you have chariots
and horses a fortified city also and
weapons choose the best-qualified of
your masters sons set him on his
Father's throne and fight for your
master's house but they were exceedingly
afraid look to Kings could not stand up
to him how then can we stand and he who
was in charge of the house and he who
was in charge of the city the elders
also and those who reared the sons sent
to g-tube
we are your servants we will do all you
tell us but we will not make anyone King
do what is good in your sight and he
wrote a second letter to them if you are
for me and will obey my voice take the
heads of the men your masters sons and
come to me at Jezreel by this time
tomorrow now the king's sons 70 persons
were with the great men of the city who
were rearing them so it was when the
letter came to them that they took the
king's sons and slaughtered 70 persons
put their heads in baskets
and sent them to him at Jezreel and a
messenger came and told him they have
brought the heads of the king's sons lay
them into heaps at the entrance of the
gate until more
sir it was in the morning that he went
out and stood and said to all the people
you are righteous indeed I conspired
against my master and killed him
but who killed all these know now that
nothing shall fall to the earth of the
word of the Lord which the Lord spoke
concerning the house of Ahab for the
Lord has done what he spoke by his
servant Elijah
Soji who killed all who remained of the
house of Ahab in Jezreel and all his
great men and his close acquaintances
and his priests until he left him none
remained and he arose and departed and
went to Samaria on the way at Beth beak
head of the Shepherd's a gu met with the
brothers of a hazard king of judah who
are you we are the brothers of a aziah
we have come down to greet the sons of
the king and the sons of the Queen
Mother take them alive so they took them
alive and killed them of the will of
Betty Kidd 42 men and he left novel now
when he departed from there he met
Johanna dab the son of recap coming to
meet him and he greeted him is your
heart right as my heart is toward your
heart it is if it is give me your hand
so he gave him his hand and he took him
up to him into the cherished
come with me and see my zeal for the
Lord so they had him ride in his chariot
and when he came to Samaria he killed
who remain to Ahab in Samaria till he
had destroyed them according to the word
of the Lord which he spoke to Elijah
then GE you get all the people together
and said to them a hab served bail a
little G you will serve him much
now therefore call to me all the
prophets of bail all his servants and
all his priests let no one be missing
for I have a great sacrifice for bail
whoever is missing shall not live but G
who acted deceptively with the intent of
destroying the worshippers of bail
proclaim a solemn assembly for bail
so they proclaimed it then G Hugh sent
throughout all Israel and all the
worshippers of bail came so that there
was not a man left who did not come so
they came into the temple of bail and
the temple of bail was full from one end
to the other but he said to the one in
charge of the wardrobe bring out
vestments for all the worshippers of
bail so he brought out vestments for
them
then gee Hugh and Jahan adapt the son of
recap went into the temple of bail and
said to the worshippers of bail search
and see that no servants of the Lord are
here with you but only the worshipers of
bail so they went in to offer sacrifices
and burnt offerings now gee who had
appointed for himself 80 men on the
outside if any of the men whom I have
brought into your hands escapes whoever
lets him escape it shall be his life for
the life of the other now it happened as
soon as he have made an end of offering
the burnt offering but gee Hugh said to
the guard and to the captain's go in and
kill them let no one come out they kill
to the edge of the floor then the guard
in the offices through the mouth it went
into the cab of the temple of faith
and they brought the sacred pillars out
of the temple of bail and burn
[Music]
then they broke down a sacred pillar of
bail and tore down the temple of bail
and made it a ref you stubborn to this
day
thus G who destroyed bail from Israel
[Music]
however G hue did not turn away from the
sins of jeroboam the son of nebat
who had made israel sin that is from the
golden calves that were at bethel and
Dan and the Lord said to G hew because
you have done well in doing what is
right in my sight and have done to the
house of Ahab all that was in my heart
your sons shall sit on the throne of
Israel to the fourth generation but ye
who took no heed to walk in the law of
the Lord God of Israel with all his
heart for he did not depart from the
sins of Jeroboam who had made Israel sin
in those days the Lord began to cut off
parts of Israel and has al conquered
them in all the territory of Israel from
the Jordan eastward all the land of
Gilead GAD Reuben and Manasseh from a
rower
which is by the river arnon including
Gilead and patient
now the rest of the acts of G hue all
that he did and all his might are they
not written in the book of The
Chronicles of the kings of Israel
Soji who rested with his father's and
they buried him in Samaria then Jehovah
has his son reigned in his place and the
period that G Hugh and over Israel in
Samaria was 28 years
you